Jiang Yun, I’m going to tell you something.
Let's get it right. young
No need. Why?
People won't want you. You are a woman with a child,
Tomorrow will be stinky from now on.
Who dares to want you? yes
Jiang Yun: Be obedient. You will find good friends and family for you.
Be a good family member. Otherwise, I'll apologize and give you this outfit.
Jiang Yun, do you want to have this child?
I think. Then something was wrong.
Sisters are with you. Women no longer have men,
The same is possible. Not by men.
Who can rely on?
I'm doing the wrong business now
I'm in the city
There is no chance of pairing again
He said he needed to do some psychological dirty work
I want to give you 89 yuan more than my salary.
Let's talk about it if we need to get away from it
Give you a battlefield
It should be 9 yuan
This computer hasn't been turned on yet.
Let’s start to draw the pie.
Take a look at your broken mountain wheel for yourself
Give me something
Still want to turn on the power
Can I drive it?
No need to spare you any guilt
It costs money to give birth to a child
I'll be a dick for you
Since this is a woman
what are you doing what are you doing
Aren't you just afraid of other people's birth?
No matter if you have to marry me or not, do you want me to marry you?
Children’s future itinerary
I can relate to you in a way
But I can’t say it
I can look down on you
Since since a woman
Just leave it to me
Is the child okay? Let’s go for a walk or something.